use unit tests for SList class to test each method
C:/ ... /BridgeProjectMainTests.py
..............
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 14 tests in 0.016s

OK


1. Run the program
PASSED	a. It should give a link to the visualization
PASSED	b. The visualization should have the head highlighted in orange and tail highlighted in yellow
PASSED	c. The actors should be listed in alphabetical order from head to tail
	
2. Add an actor through the command line
	a. attempt to add an actor through the command line
PASSED		actor should appear in the visualization
PASSED		actor should be inserted in alphabetical order, based on name entered
PASSED		added actor should be highlighted
PASSED		no other actor should be highlighted in the same color	
	
	b. attempt to add an actor/film pair to the list
PASSED		a new visualization should be generated
PASSED		the added actor should be highlighted		
PASSED		if the actor was already in the list, the film should appear in their label
PASSED		if the actor was already in the list, their name should not appear twice in the visualization
		
	c. add an actor to the head of the list
PASSED		the actor should be highlighted in orange in the visualization
PASSED		the actor should appear at one end of the node chain in the visualization
PASSED		no other actor should be highlighted in the same color
		
	d. add an actor to the tail of the list
PASSED		the actor should be highlighted in yellow in the visualization
PASSED		the actor should appear at one end of the node chain in the visualization
PASSED		no other actor should be highlighted in the same color
		
3. Remove an actor through the command line
	a. Remove an actor that is not present in the list
PASSED		A message should be printed that the actor was not found
PASSED		a new visualization should not be generated
		
	b. remove an  actor that is present in the list
PASSED		a new visualization should be generated
PASSED		the actor should no longer appear in the visualization
PASSED		all nodes in the visualization should still be linked
		
	c. remove an actor from the head of the list
PASSED		the actor should no longer appear in the visualization
PASSED		the new list head should be highlighted in the same color as the former head
		
	d. remove an actor from the tail of the list
PASSED		the actor should no longer appear in the visualization
PASSED		the new list tail should be highlighted in the same color as the former tail
		
4. Find an actor
	a. look for an actor not present in the list
PASSED		A message should be printed that the actor was not found
PASSED		a new visualization should not be generated
		
	b. look for and actor that is present in the list
PASSED		a new visualization should be generated
PASSED		the actor should be highlighted in green in the visualization
		
	c. look for a second actor that is present in the list
PASSED		a new visualization should be generated
PASSED		the second actor should be highlighted in green in the visualization
PASSED		the first actor searched for should appear in the default color

	d. find actor at the head of the list
PASSED		The actor at the head of the list should be highlighted in green
	
	e. with the list head highlighted, find the list tail
PASSED		The list head should appear in orange
PASSED		The list tail should appear in green
	
	f. with the tail highlighted, find an actor from the middle of the list
PASSED		The head should appear in orange
PASSED		The tail should appear in yellow
PASSED		The actor searched for should appear in green